README.md, before:


# Awesome NoCode / LowCode
A curated list of delightful NoCode / LowCode applications and resources. For more awesomeness, check out [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome).

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) ![example workflow](https://github.com/kairichard/awesome-nocode-lowcode/actions/workflows/validate.yml/badge.svg)

</div>
<br/>

# Table of Contents

- [Awesome NoCode / LowCode](#awesome-nocode--lowcode)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Analytics](#analytics)
  - [Automation](#automation)
  - [Business Apps](#business-apps)
  - [Chatbots](#chatbots)
  - [Collaboration](#collaboration)
  - [CRM](#crm)
  - [Data & Scraping](#data--scraping)
  - [Database](#database)
  - [Design](#design)
  - [Ecommerce](#ecommerce)
  - [Email](#email)
  - [Forms](#forms)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Internal](#internal)
  - [Landing Pages](#landing-pages)
  - [Machine Learning](#machine-learning)
  - [Marketing](#marketing)
  - [Mobile Apps](#mobile-apps)
  - [Payments](#payments)
  - [Scrapers](#scrapers)
  - [Video](#video)
  - [Visual Programming](#visual-programming)
  - [Voice](#voice)
  - [VR](#vr)
  - [Web Apps](#web-apps)
  - [Websites](#websites)
  - [Uncategorized](#uncategorized)
  - [Tutorials](#tutorials)
  - [Learning](#learning)
  - [Blog Posts](#blog-posts)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)

---

- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Learning](#learning)
- [Blog Posts](#blog-posts)

## Analytics

- [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com) - Free website analytics.
- [VisualSitemaps](https://visualsitemaps.com) - Autogenerate Visual Sitemaps & Screenshots in Seconds
- [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.io) - Simple, clean, and friendly analytics.
- [Posthog](https://posthog.com/) - Open source product analytics.

## Automation

- [ActionDesk](https://actiondesk.io) - The spreadsheet that lets you gather and control all your data in one place.
- [Activepieces](https://www.activepieces.com) - A no-code tool to automate your business.
- [Blockspring](https://blockspring.com) - Supercharge your list building, reporting, and landing pages.
- [Clay](https://clay.run) - Build tools & workflows to supercharge your team
- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com) - Do more with the services you love.
- [Integromat](https://integromat.com) - The glue of the internet.
- [Linx](https://linx.software) - Low-code Development for IT Pros
- [Microsoft Flow](https://flow.microsoft.com) - Automate tasks by integrating your favorite apps.
- [n8n](https://n8n.io) - Free Self-hostable Automation Tool
- [Nanonets Airtable Models](https://nanonets.com/airtable/) - Build a no-code AI image organizer with Airtable
- [Oplim](https://oplim.com) - Custom Tasks on Your Website with Zero Code
- [Parabola](https://parabola.io) - Drag-and-drop to automate your repetitive tasks.
- [Phantombuster](https://phantombuster.com) - A marketplace of simple to use no-code APIs
- [pipedream](https://pipedream.com/) - The integration platform built for developers
- [Simple scraper](https://simplescraper.io) - The web is your API
- [Autocode](https://autocode.com/) -  Turn ideas into software with AI
- [Tiller Money](https://www.tillerhq.com) - Your financial life in a spreadsheet, automatically updated each day.
- [Tray](https://tray.io) - Advanced integration platform for connecting up the tools you use every day.
- [Webmerge](https://www.webmerge.me/) - Document automation software
- [Zapier](https://zapier.com) - Automate tasks by integrating your favorite apps.
- [Diagram](https://www.ondiagram.com) - Nocode backend API builder with MongoDB and Firestore.
- [Outfunnel](https://outfunnel.com) - Connect your sales and marketing data, deeply and easily.
- [YepCode](https://yepcode.io) - All-in-one platform to connect APIs and services in a serverless environment.
- [Unito](https://unito.io/) - Bidirectional realtime sync between online apis
- [Deployment.io](https://deployment.io) - DevOps co-pilot for developers to automate deployments to AWS.

## Business Apps

- [AppSheet](https://appsheet.com) - The intelligent no-code app development platform.
- [Betty Blocks](https://BettyBlocks.com) - No-code - Enterprise Application Development Platform
- [Budibase](https://budibase.com) - Powerful low-code app builder for creating internal tools in minutes.
- [Community.lawyer](https://community.lawyer/) - No-code App Builder designed specifically for legal service professionals
- [DronaHQ](https://dronahq.com) - Build Business Apps Without Coding
- [Eyelet](https://eyelet.io) - Create interactive guidance for your product without code
- [Fliplet](https://fliplet.com) - The smart way to create custom apps
- [Internal](https://internal.io) - Console-as-a-service, better tools for customer-facing teams
- [Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) - Connect your business-critical apps and services with Azure Logic Apps, automating your workflows without writing a single line of code.
- [Lowdefy](https://lowdefy.com) - An open-source low-code framework to build internal tools, web apps, admin panels, BI dashboards, workflows, and CRUD apps with ease by simply writing YAML.
- [Mintdata](https://mintdata.com/) - Use the full power of a spreadsheet to create application logic.
- [Naologic](https://naologic.com) - Productivity apps built by business users and process-driven professionals to simplify and automate complex processes.
- [Ninox](https://ninoxdb.de) - Create Business Apps for Mac, iPad and iPhone.
- [Nussknacker](https://nussknacker.io) - A visual tool to define and run real-time decision algorithms.
- [Triggre](https://www.triggre.com/) - Replace outdated software with custom no-code business applications.
- [Plant An App](https://www.plantanapp.com) - The Secret Weapon of Software Development
- [Quick Base](https://quickbase.com) - The best way to manage data and automate processes, so you can accomplish more.
- [Zoho Creator](https://www.zoho.com/creator) - Custom apps to run your business.
- [Novacura](https://www.novacura.com) - Streamline your processes with mobile and fully-adaptable software solutions. Extend your ERP with ready to use low-code applications or create your own.
- [Loopple](https://www.loopple.com) - Drag and drop dashboard builder

## Chatbots


- [Botnation](https://botnation.ai/en/) - Create chatbots, landbots, voicebots, callbots on Messenger, Web, Google Home, Phone device.
- [Botsify](https://botsify.com) - Create your own automated chatbots online.
- [Chatamo](https://chatamo.com) - Create intelligent voice and chat bots for marketing, sales and support in minutes.
- [Chatfuel](https://chatfuel.com) - Create chatbots to engage with your audience on messengers
- [Flow XO](https://flowxo.com) - Create a chatbot with zero coding skills required
- [Instabot](https://instabot.io) - A Conversion Chatbot for Your Website
- [Landbot](https://landbot.io) - Lead generation landing page as chatbot.
- [Manychat](https://manychat.com) - Create a Messenger bot to engage your audience. No coding!
- [rulai](https://www.rul.ai) - AI Chatbot to Deliver Scalable Self Service
- [Smooch](https://smooch.io) - Instantly deploy your bots wherever users are.

## Collaboration

- [Fibery](https://fibery.io) - Instead of trying to make scattered tools work, Build your own workspace
- [Notion](https://notion.so) - The all-in-one workspace - notes, tasks, wikis, & databases.
- [Quip](https://quip.com) - One place for all your team’s work.

## CRM

- [Kartra](https://kartra.com) - Online Business Made Easy
- [Salesflare](https://salesflare.com) - Simple yet powerful CRM for small businesses selling B2B.

## Data & Scraping

- [APIFY](https://apify.com/) - Extract data from any website
- [flatfile](https://flatfile.io/) - The elegant import button for your web app
- [Hunter](https://hunter.io/?via=joe) - Find email addresses in seconds.
- [Simplescraper](https://simplescraper.io/) - Extract data from any website in seconds

## Database

- [Airtable](https://airtable.com) - Database / Spreadsheet mashup
- [Baserow](https://baserow.io/) - Open source no-code database and Airtable alternative
- [NocoDB](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb) - Free & Open Source Airtable Alternative - turns any SQL databases into smart spreadsheet.
- [Forest Admin](https://www.forestadmin.com/) - The admin panel framework
- [Go](https://www.123Go.io) - Low-Code for Enterprise Databases
- [Hasura](https://hasura.io/) - Get realtime GraphQL APIs instantly
- [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) - Metabase is the easy, open source way for everyone in your company to ask questions and learn from data.
- [Motor Admin](https://www.getmotoradmin.com/) - Open-source, self-hosted Admin Panel and Business Intelligence software.
- [PostGraphile](https://www.graphile.org/) - Extensible high-performance automatic GraphQL API for PostgreSQL
- [ResponseVault](https://ResponseVault.com) - Use a grid-based form builder in your custom app.
- [Tadabase](https://tadabase.io) - No Code Database Web App Builder
- [Trevor](https://www.trevor.io) - Query your live data, without code.
- [Draxlr](https://www.draxlr.com) - Build Dashboards, Get Alerts.

## Design

- [Figma](https://figma.com) - The first interface design tool with real-time collaboration
- [Penpot](https://penpot.app) - Open source, web-based interface design application.
- [STUDIO](https://studio.design/) - Design to live website in one click.
- [unDraw](https://undraw.co) - Free, open-source illustrations for every project.

## Ecommerce

- [Big Cartel](https://www.bigcartel.com) - Easy online stores for artists & makers
- [Gumroad](https://gumroad.com) - Sell anything directly to anyone.
- [Monto](https://monto.io) - Product Reviews for Webflow (and Foxy).
- [Podia](https://podia.com) - Easily sell memberships, online courses & digital downloads.
- [Shopify](https://shopify.com) - Build your ecommerce store.
- [Volusion](https://volusion.com) - Ecommerce Website Store & Shopping Cart Software

## Email

- [BEE](https://beefree.io) - Create beautiful emails, fast.
- [EDMdesigner](https://edmdesigner.com) - Responsive email design made simple.
- [Mailchimp](https://www.mailchimp.com) - Email marketing & automation
- [Postcards](https://designmodo.com/postcards) - Create awesome emails with drag & drop simplicity.
- [Sendgrid](https://sendgrid.com) - Email delivery service.
- [Stripo](https://stripo.email) - Free email template builder.
- [Substack](https://substack.com/) - Paid newsletters made simple
- [Topol](https://topol.io) - Beautiful HTML e-mails easily

## Forms

- [ActiveCalculator](https://activecalculator.com) - Create custom calculators for your website with no-code builder.
- [Convertigo](https://www.convertigo.com/) - Create Forms based applications with no coding.
- [Feathery](https://feathery.io) - Powerful form builder for product teams
- [FlexyForm](https://www.flexyform.com) - Contact Forms Backend as Service
- [Formester](https://formester.com) - Form that blends with your brand theme
- [Google Forms](https://forms.google.com) - Free forms from Google, that connect directly to Google Sheets.
- [HeyForm](https://heyform.net) - Create captivating online forms without coding knowledge
- [InteractiveCalculator](https://www.interactivecalculator.com) - Make calculators with no code and add them on your site
- [Involve.Me](https://www.involve.me) - Build customizable widgets like quizzes, forms & calculators
- [Jotform](https://jotform.com) - Online Form Builder & Form Creator.
- [Paperform](https://paperform.co) - Beautiful Forms That Feel Like Yours
- [Typeform](https://www.typeform.com) - Create forms and surveys that people enjoy answering
- [Tally](https://tally.so) - The simplest way to create forms that works like a doc
- [FormNX](https://formnx.com) - Create Powerful Forms That Converts Without Coding. It provides a lot of [form templates](https://formnx.com/form-templates), drag-n-drop interface, Smart Conditional Logic, Spam Protection, Reporting & Charts, Automation, Password Protection, integrations & lot more.

## Games

- [Construct](https://www.construct.net) - Game making software
- [Yoyo Games](https://www.yoyogames.com/) - It has everything you need to take your idea from concept to finished game.
- [GDevelop](https://gdevelop.io/) - Open source game making software

## Internal

- [Contractbook](https://contractbook.co) - Efficient Contract Management
- [ILLA Cloud](https://www.illacloud.com/) - A low-code platform for developers to build internal tools in minutes.
- [Nuclino](https://nuclino.com) - Part knowledge base, part collaboration space 🧠
- [Retool](https://tryretool.com) - Build custom internal tools in minutes.
- [Stream Language](https://bitspark.de/slang) - Taking the next step in programming
- [Outcode](https://outcode.biz/) - Create data apps without code

## Landing Pages

- [EarlyBird](https://earlybird.im) - Create landing pages to validate early-stage business ideas.
- [Instapage](https://instapage.com) - Landing pages, up to 6x more conversions.
- [Launchaco](https://launchaco.com) - Simple landing pages for your startup
- [Leadpages](https://leadpages.net) - Landing page builder & lead gen software.
- [PageXL](https://pagexl.com) - One-page website and store builder
- [Unbounce](https://unbounce.com) - Landing Pages - More Powerful Customization‎
- [Destack](https://github.com/liveduo/destack) - Visual page builder for developers

## Machine Learning

- [Liner.ai](https://liner.ai/) - Train deep learning models on your computer without Code.

## Marketing

- [Fomo](https://fomo.com) - Social Proof Marketing Platform
- [FORTVISION](https://fortvision.com/) - Create interactive experiences that lead to higher conversions.
- [Hotjar](https://hotjar.com) - See how your visitors are really using your site.
- [Hubspot](https://hubspot.com) - A full platform of marketing, sales, customer service, and CRM software.
- [Rewardful](https://www.getrewardful.com) - Instant Affiliate & Referral Programs for Stripe
- [Screenzy](https://screenzy.io) - Screenshot beautifier
- [Ship](https://producthunt.com/ship) - A toolkit to ship awesome products, by Product Hunt ⛵️
- [TinySnap](https://tinysnap.app) - A browser extension to capture screen and beautify screenshots

## Mobile Apps

- [Adalo](https://www.adalo.com/) - Turn Your Amazing App Concept Into Reality Without Coding!
- [AppOnboard Studio](https://apponboard.com/) - Where app ideas come to life. No code required.
- [Appspotr](https://appspotr.com) - Create epic apps without coding
- [Appstylo](https://appstylo.com) - Mobile App builder maker
- [Bravo Studio](https://www.bravostudio.app/) - Where your designs become real native apps
- [Convertigo](https://www.convertigo.com/) - Create Mobile Apps & PWAs for iOS & Android with no coding
- [draftbit](https://draftbit.com/) - Create, customize, and launch mobile apps all from your browser. Source code included.
- [miniAppMaker](https://miniAppMaker.com) - Make mobile apps using Airtable!
- [Thunkable](https://thunkable.com) - The No-Code App Builder
- [Utilize](https://www.utilize.app) - Apps from Google Sheets, in minutes. 
- [NotionApps](https://www.notionapps.com) - Builder powerful apps from Notion databases. Share limited views or private apps.

## Payments

- [AND CO](https://www.and.co) - Invoicing, Proposals & Expense Tracking
- [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com) - Send Money, Pay Online or Set Up a Merchant Account
- [Trolley](https://trolley.link) - Get paid with no code

## Scrapers

- [Octoparse](https://octoparse.com) - Easy Web Scraping for Anyone
- [Parsehub](https://parsehub.com) - Free web scraping.

## Video

- [Loom](https://loom.com) - Seamless screen, mic, and camera recording for Chrome

## Visual Programming

- [Darklang](https://darklang.com/) - Build an entire backend in just hours.
- [graphqleditor](https://graphqleditor.com/) - A Better Way to GraphQL
- [Node-RED](https://nodered.org/) - Low-code programming for event-driven applications

## Voice

- [Vuix](https://vuix.io) - Design voice apps in minutes.

## VR

- [Instavr](https://www.instavr.co) - Make your VR apps in minutes

## Web Apps

- [Adalo](https://www.adalo.com) - Create an app without code.
- [Bubble](https://bubble.io/) - Build production-ready web apps.
- [Cloud Canal](https://www.cloudcanal.io) - Static Sites -> Web Apps
- [Convertigo](https://www.convertigo.com/) - Create Web Applications with low code and no code
- [Corvid](https://wix.com/corvid) - Build advanced web applications, hassle-free.
- [OnOut](https://tools.onout.org/) - Build Blockchain DApps on your own domain in one-click.
- [SpreadsheetWeb](https://www.spreadsheetweb.com) - A NoCode platform for Excel users
- [Stacker](https://stacker.app) - Build web apps in your browser, without code.
- [Widgetic](https://widgetic.com) - A marketplace for website building blocks.

## Websites

- [appsmith_](https://www.appsmith.com/) - Frontend as a Service to build internal apps
- [Bloggi](https://bloggi.co) - A simple blogging platform
- [Bookmark](https://www.bookmark.com) - Create a Website with AI
- [Grapedrop](https://grapedrop.com) - Free and custom websites and landing pages
- [IM Creator](https://www.imcreator.com) - Free Website Builder
- [Jimdo](https://www.jimdo.com) - Your Website Builder‎
- [Linkz.ai](https://linkz.ai) - Immersive hyperlink previews to keep visitors on your website
- [Memberspace](https://www.memberspace.com) - Turn your audience into paying members.
- [Sheet2Site](https://sheet2site.com) - Turn your 📗 Google Sheets into 🎨 professional websites
- [Squarespace](squarespace.com) - All-in-one platform to build a beautiful online presence.
- [Strikingly](https://www.strikingly.com) - Make a website in minutes
- [Tilda](https://tilda.cc) - Create beautiful websites without any code.
- [Udesly](https://www.udesly.com) - Use Webflow to create WordPress and Shopify Themes
- [Universe](https://onuniverse.com) - Make an awesome website from your phone.
- [Versoly](https://versoly.com/) - The Easiest Way to Build Your SaaS Website
- [Webflow](https://webflow.com/) - Break the code barrier, Build better business websites, faster. Without coding.
- [Webstudio](https://webstudio.is/) - An Open Source alternative to Webflow. Much faster. No platform lock-in.
- [Webnode](https://www.webnode.com) - Easy & Free Website Maker
- [Weebly](https://www.weebly.com) - Build a Free Website or Online Store
- [Weld](https://www.weld.io) - Be creative without code – Interactive content tool
- [Without Code](https://www.wocode.com) - Code Free Website Builder
- [Wix](https://www.wix.com) - Free Website Builder

## Uncategorized

- [ApexOracle](https://apex.oracle.com/en) - Build enterprise apps 20x faster with 100x less code.

---

## Tutorials

- https://codeornocode.com/tutorial/how-to-build-a-low-code-platform/

## Learning

-

## Blog Posts

- http://hasura-forest-admin.surge.sh/
- https://zapier.com/help/create/code-webhooks/use-javascript-code-in-zaps

---

# Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

# License

I am providing code and resources in this repository to you under an open source license. Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer.

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Kai Richard König](https://kairichardkoenig.de) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Add Zapbot to Chatbots section

README.md, after:


# Awesome NoCode / LowCode
A curated list of delightful NoCode / LowCode applications and resources. For more awesomeness, check out [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome).

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) ![example workflow](https://github.com/kairichard/awesome-nocode-lowcode/actions/workflows/validate.yml/badge.svg)

</div>
<br/>

# Table of Contents

- [Awesome NoCode / LowCode](#awesome-nocode--lowcode)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Analytics](#analytics)
  - [Automation](#automation)
  - [Business Apps](#business-apps)
  - [Chatbots](#chatbots)
  - [Collaboration](#collaboration)
  - [CRM](#crm)
  - [Data & Scraping](#data--scraping)
  - [Database](#database)
  - [Design](#design)
  - [Ecommerce](#ecommerce)
  - [Email](#email)
  - [Forms](#forms)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Internal](#internal)
  - [Landing Pages](#landing-pages)
  - [Machine Learning](#machine-learning)
  - [Marketing](#marketing)
  - [Mobile Apps](#mobile-apps)
  - [Payments](#payments)
  - [Scrapers](#scrapers)
  - [Video](#video)
  - [Visual Programming](#visual-programming)
  - [Voice](#voice)
  - [VR](#vr)
  - [Web Apps](#web-apps)
  - [Websites](#websites)
  - [Uncategorized](#uncategorized)
  - [Tutorials](#tutorials)
  - [Learning](#learning)
  - [Blog Posts](#blog-posts)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)

---

- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Learning](#learning)
- [Blog Posts](#blog-posts)

## Analytics

- [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com) - Free website analytics.
- [VisualSitemaps](https://visualsitemaps.com) - Autogenerate Visual Sitemaps & Screenshots in Seconds
- [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.io) - Simple, clean, and friendly analytics.
- [Posthog](https://posthog.com/) - Open source product analytics.

## Automation

- [ActionDesk](https://actiondesk.io) - The spreadsheet that lets you gather and control all your data in one place.
- [Activepieces](https://www.activepieces.com) - A no-code tool to automate your business.
- [Blockspring](https://blockspring.com) - Supercharge your list building, reporting, and landing pages.
- [Clay](https://clay.run) - Build tools & workflows to supercharge your team
- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com) - Do more with the services you love.
- [Integromat](https://integromat.com) - The glue of the internet.
- [Linx](https://linx.software) - Low-code Development for IT Pros
- [Microsoft Flow](https://flow.microsoft.com) - Automate tasks by integrating your favorite apps.
- [n8n](https://n8n.io) - Free Self-hostable Automation Tool
- [Nanonets Airtable Models](https://nanonets.com/airtable/) - Build a no-code AI image organizer with Airtable
- [Oplim](https://oplim.com) - Custom Tasks on Your Website with Zero Code
- [Parabola](https://parabola.io) - Drag-and-drop to automate your repetitive tasks.
- [Phantombuster](https://phantombuster.com) - A marketplace of simple to use no-code APIs
- [pipedream](https://pipedream.com/) - The integration platform built for developers
- [Simple scraper](https://simplescraper.io) - The web is your API
- [Autocode](https://autocode.com/) -  Turn ideas into software with AI
- [Tiller Money](https://www.tillerhq.com) - Your financial life in a spreadsheet, automatically updated each day.
- [Tray](https://tray.io) - Advanced integration platform for connecting up the tools you use every day.
- [Webmerge](https://www.webmerge.me/) - Document automation software
- [Zapier](https://zapier.com) - Automate tasks by integrating your favorite apps.
- [Diagram](https://www.ondiagram.com) - Nocode backend API builder with MongoDB and Firestore.
- [Outfunnel](https://outfunnel.com) - Connect your sales and marketing data, deeply and easily.
- [YepCode](https://yepcode.io) - All-in-one platform to connect APIs and services in a serverless environment.
- [Unito](https://unito.io/) - Bidirectional realtime sync between online apis
- [Deployment.io](https://deployment.io) - DevOps co-pilot for developers to automate deployments to AWS.

## Business Apps

- [AppSheet](https://appsheet.com) - The intelligent no-code app development platform.
- [Betty Blocks](https://BettyBlocks.com) - No-code - Enterprise Application Development Platform
- [Budibase](https://budibase.com) - Powerful low-code app builder for creating internal tools in minutes.
- [Community.lawyer](https://community.lawyer/) - No-code App Builder designed specifically for legal service professionals
- [DronaHQ](https://dronahq.com) - Build Business Apps Without Coding
- [Eyelet](https://eyelet.io) - Create interactive guidance for your product without code
- [Fliplet](https://fliplet.com) - The smart way to create custom apps
- [Internal](https://internal.io) - Console-as-a-service, better tools for customer-facing teams
- [Logic Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/) - Connect your business-critical apps and services with Azure Logic Apps, automating your workflows without writing a single line of code.
- [Lowdefy](https://lowdefy.com) - An open-source low-code framework to build internal tools, web apps, admin panels, BI dashboards, workflows, and CRUD apps with ease by simply writing YAML.
- [Mintdata](https://mintdata.com/) - Use the full power of a spreadsheet to create application logic.
- [Naologic](https://naologic.com) - Productivity apps built by business users and process-driven professionals to simplify and automate complex processes.
- [Ninox](https://ninoxdb.de) - Create Business Apps for Mac, iPad and iPhone.
- [Nussknacker](https://nussknacker.io) - A visual tool to define and run real-time decision algorithms.
- [Triggre](https://www.triggre.com/) - Replace outdated software with custom no-code business applications.
- [Plant An App](https://www.plantanapp.com) - The Secret Weapon of Software Development
- [Quick Base](https://quickbase.com) - The best way to manage data and automate processes, so you can accomplish more.
- [Zoho Creator](https://www.zoho.com/creator) - Custom apps to run your business.
- [Novacura](https://www.novacura.com) - Streamline your processes with mobile and fully-adaptable software solutions. Extend your ERP with ready to use low-code applications or create your own.
- [Loopple](https://www.loopple.com) - Drag and drop dashboard builder

## Chatbots

- [Zapbot](https://www.zapbot.in) - No-code platform to build website chatbot and whatsapp chatbot.
- [Botnation](https://botnation.ai/en/) - Create chatbots, landbots, voicebots, callbots on Messenger, Web, Google Home, Phone device.
- [Botsify](https://botsify.com) - Create your own automated chatbots online.
- [Chatamo](https://chatamo.com) - Create intelligent voice and chat bots for marketing, sales and support in minutes.
- [Chatfuel](https://chatfuel.com) - Create chatbots to engage with your audience on messengers
- [Flow XO](https://flowxo.com) - Create a chatbot with zero coding skills required
- [Instabot](https://instabot.io) - A Conversion Chatbot for Your Website
- [Landbot](https://landbot.io) - Lead generation landing page as chatbot.
- [Manychat](https://manychat.com) - Create a Messenger bot to engage your audience. No coding!
- [rulai](https://www.rul.ai) - AI Chatbot to Deliver Scalable Self Service
- [Smooch](https://smooch.io) - Instantly deploy your bots wherever users are.

## Collaboration

- [Fibery](https://fibery.io) - Instead of trying to make scattered tools work, Build your own workspace
- [Notion](https://notion.so) - The all-in-one workspace - notes, tasks, wikis, & databases.
- [Quip](https://quip.com) - One place for all your team’s work.

## CRM

- [Kartra](https://kartra.com) - Online Business Made Easy
- [Salesflare](https://salesflare.com) - Simple yet powerful CRM for small businesses selling B2B.

## Data & Scraping

- [APIFY](https://apify.com/) - Extract data from any website
- [flatfile](https://flatfile.io/) - The elegant import button for your web app
- [Hunter](https://hunter.io/?via=joe) - Find email addresses in seconds.
- [Simplescraper](https://simplescraper.io/) - Extract data from any website in seconds

## Database

- [Airtable](https://airtable.com) - Database / Spreadsheet mashup
- [Baserow](https://baserow.io/) - Open source no-code database and Airtable alternative
- [NocoDB](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb) - Free & Open Source Airtable Alternative - turns any SQL databases into smart spreadsheet.
- [Forest Admin](https://www.forestadmin.com/) - The admin panel framework
- [Go](https://www.123Go.io) - Low-Code for Enterprise Databases
- [Hasura](https://hasura.io/) - Get realtime GraphQL APIs instantly
- [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) - Metabase is the easy, open source way for everyone in your company to ask questions and learn from data.
- [Motor Admin](https://www.getmotoradmin.com/) - Open-source, self-hosted Admin Panel and Business Intelligence software.
- [PostGraphile](https://www.graphile.org/) - Extensible high-performance automatic GraphQL API for PostgreSQL
- [ResponseVault](https://ResponseVault.com) - Use a grid-based form builder in your custom app.
- [Tadabase](https://tadabase.io) - No Code Database Web App Builder
- [Trevor](https://www.trevor.io) - Query your live data, without code.
- [Draxlr](https://www.draxlr.com) - Build Dashboards, Get Alerts.

## Design

- [Figma](https://figma.com) - The first interface design tool with real-time collaboration
- [Penpot](https://penpot.app) - Open source, web-based interface design application.
- [STUDIO](https://studio.design/) - Design to live website in one click.
- [unDraw](https://undraw.co) - Free, open-source illustrations for every project.

## Ecommerce

- [Big Cartel](https://www.bigcartel.com) - Easy online stores for artists & makers
- [Gumroad](https://gumroad.com) - Sell anything directly to anyone.
- [Monto](https://monto.io) - Product Reviews for Webflow (and Foxy).
- [Podia](https://podia.com) - Easily sell memberships, online courses & digital downloads.
- [Shopify](https://shopify.com) - Build your ecommerce store.
- [Volusion](https://volusion.com) - Ecommerce Website Store & Shopping Cart Software

## Email

- [BEE](https://beefree.io) - Create beautiful emails, fast.
- [EDMdesigner](https://edmdesigner.com) - Responsive email design made simple.
- [Mailchimp](https://www.mailchimp.com) - Email marketing & automation
- [Postcards](https://designmodo.com/postcards) - Create awesome emails with drag & drop simplicity.
- [Sendgrid](https://sendgrid.com) - Email delivery service.
- [Stripo](https://stripo.email) - Free email template builder.
- [Substack](https://substack.com/) - Paid newsletters made simple
- [Topol](https://topol.io) - Beautiful HTML e-mails easily

## Forms

- [ActiveCalculator](https://activecalculator.com) - Create custom calculators for your website with no-code builder.
- [Convertigo](https://www.convertigo.com/) - Create Forms based applications with no coding.
- [Feathery](https://feathery.io) - Powerful form builder for product teams
- [FlexyForm](https://www.flexyform.com) - Contact Forms Backend as Service
- [Formester](https://formester.com) - Form that blends with your brand theme
- [Google Forms](https://forms.google.com) - Free forms from Google, that connect directly to Google Sheets.
- [HeyForm](https://heyform.net) - Create captivating online forms without coding knowledge
- [InteractiveCalculator](https://www.interactivecalculator.com) - Make calculators with no code and add them on your site
- [Involve.Me](https://www.involve.me) - Build customizable widgets like quizzes, forms & calculators
- [Jotform](https://jotform.com) - Online Form Builder & Form Creator.
- [Paperform](https://paperform.co) - Beautiful Forms That Feel Like Yours
- [Typeform](https://www.typeform.com) - Create forms and surveys that people enjoy answering
- [Tally](https://tally.so) - The simplest way to create forms that works like a doc
- [FormNX](https://formnx.com) - Create Powerful Forms That Converts Without Coding. It provides a lot of [form templates](https://formnx.com/form-templates), drag-n-drop interface, Smart Conditional Logic, Spam Protection, Reporting & Charts, Automation, Password Protection, integrations & lot more.

## Games

- [Construct](https://www.construct.net) - Game making software
- [Yoyo Games](https://www.yoyogames.com/) - It has everything you need to take your idea from concept to finished game.
- [GDevelop](https://gdevelop.io/) - Open source game making software

## Internal

- [Contractbook](https://contractbook.co) - Efficient Contract Management
- [ILLA Cloud](https://www.illacloud.com/) - A low-code platform for developers to build internal tools in minutes.
- [Nuclino](https://nuclino.com) - Part knowledge base, part collaboration space 🧠
- [Retool](https://tryretool.com) - Build custom internal tools in minutes.
- [Stream Language](https://bitspark.de/slang) - Taking the next step in programming
- [Outcode](https://outcode.biz/) - Create data apps without code

## Landing Pages

- [EarlyBird](https://earlybird.im) - Create landing pages to validate early-stage business ideas.
- [Instapage](https://instapage.com) - Landing pages, up to 6x more conversions.
- [Launchaco](https://launchaco.com) - Simple landing pages for your startup
- [Leadpages](https://leadpages.net) - Landing page builder & lead gen software.
- [PageXL](https://pagexl.com) - One-page website and store builder
- [Unbounce](https://unbounce.com) - Landing Pages - More Powerful Customization‎
- [Destack](https://github.com/liveduo/destack) - Visual page builder for developers

## Machine Learning

- [Liner.ai](https://liner.ai/) - Train deep learning models on your computer without Code.

## Marketing

- [Fomo](https://fomo.com) - Social Proof Marketing Platform
- [FORTVISION](https://fortvision.com/) - Create interactive experiences that lead to higher conversions.
- [Hotjar](https://hotjar.com) - See how your visitors are really using your site.
- [Hubspot](https://hubspot.com) - A full platform of marketing, sales, customer service, and CRM software.
- [Rewardful](https://www.getrewardful.com) - Instant Affiliate & Referral Programs for Stripe
- [Screenzy](https://screenzy.io) - Screenshot beautifier
- [Ship](https://producthunt.com/ship) - A toolkit to ship awesome products, by Product Hunt ⛵️
- [TinySnap](https://tinysnap.app) - A browser extension to capture screen and beautify screenshots

## Mobile Apps

- [Adalo](https://www.adalo.com/) - Turn Your Amazing App Concept Into Reality Without Coding!
- [AppOnboard Studio](https://apponboard.com/) - Where app ideas come to life. No code required.
- [Appspotr](https://appspotr.com) - Create epic apps without coding
- [Appstylo](https://appstylo.com) - Mobile App builder maker
- [Bravo Studio](https://www.bravostudio.app/) - Where your designs become real native apps
- [Convertigo](https://www.convertigo.com/) - Create Mobile Apps & PWAs for iOS & Android with no coding
- [draftbit](https://draftbit.com/) - Create, customize, and launch mobile apps all from your browser. Source code included.
- [miniAppMaker](https://miniAppMaker.com) - Make mobile apps using Airtable!
- [Thunkable](https://thunkable.com) - The No-Code App Builder
- [Utilize](https://www.utilize.app) - Apps from Google Sheets, in minutes. 
- [NotionApps](https://www.notionapps.com) - Builder powerful apps from Notion databases. Share limited views or private apps.

## Payments

- [AND CO](https://www.and.co) - Invoicing, Proposals & Expense Tracking
- [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com) - Send Money, Pay Online or Set Up a Merchant Account
- [Trolley](https://trolley.link) - Get paid with no code

## Scrapers

- [Octoparse](https://octoparse.com) - Easy Web Scraping for Anyone
- [Parsehub](https://parsehub.com) - Free web scraping.

## Video

- [Loom](https://loom.com) - Seamless screen, mic, and camera recording for Chrome

## Visual Programming

- [Darklang](https://darklang.com/) - Build an entire backend in just hours.
- [graphqleditor](https://graphqleditor.com/) - A Better Way to GraphQL
- [Node-RED](https://nodered.org/) - Low-code programming for event-driven applications

## Voice

- [Vuix](https://vuix.io) - Design voice apps in minutes.

## VR

- [Instavr](https://www.instavr.co) - Make your VR apps in minutes

## Web Apps

- [Adalo](https://www.adalo.com) - Create an app without code.
- [Bubble](https://bubble.io/) - Build production-ready web apps.
- [Cloud Canal](https://www.cloudcanal.io) - Static Sites -> Web Apps
- [Convertigo](https://www.convertigo.com/) - Create Web Applications with low code and no code
- [Corvid](https://wix.com/corvid) - Build advanced web applications, hassle-free.
- [OnOut](https://tools.onout.org/) - Build Blockchain DApps on your own domain in one-click.
- [SpreadsheetWeb](https://www.spreadsheetweb.com) - A NoCode platform for Excel users
- [Stacker](https://stacker.app) - Build web apps in your browser, without code.
- [Widgetic](https://widgetic.com) - A marketplace for website building blocks.

## Websites

- [appsmith_](https://www.appsmith.com/) - Frontend as a Service to build internal apps
- [Bloggi](https://bloggi.co) - A simple blogging platform
- [Bookmark](https://www.bookmark.com) - Create a Website with AI
- [Grapedrop](https://grapedrop.com) - Free and custom websites and landing pages
- [IM Creator](https://www.imcreator.com) - Free Website Builder
- [Jimdo](https://www.jimdo.com) - Your Website Builder‎
- [Linkz.ai](https://linkz.ai) - Immersive hyperlink previews to keep visitors on your website
- [Memberspace](https://www.memberspace.com) - Turn your audience into paying members.
- [Sheet2Site](https://sheet2site.com) - Turn your 📗 Google Sheets into 🎨 professional websites
- [Squarespace](squarespace.com) - All-in-one platform to build a beautiful online presence.
- [Strikingly](https://www.strikingly.com) - Make a website in minutes
- [Tilda](https://tilda.cc) - Create beautiful websites without any code.
- [Udesly](https://www.udesly.com) - Use Webflow to create WordPress and Shopify Themes
- [Universe](https://onuniverse.com) - Make an awesome website from your phone.
- [Versoly](https://versoly.com/) - The Easiest Way to Build Your SaaS Website
- [Webflow](https://webflow.com/) - Break the code barrier, Build better business websites, faster. Without coding.
- [Webstudio](https://webstudio.is/) - An Open Source alternative to Webflow. Much faster. No platform lock-in.
- [Webnode](https://www.webnode.com) - Easy & Free Website Maker
- [Weebly](https://www.weebly.com) - Build a Free Website or Online Store
- [Weld](https://www.weld.io) - Be creative without code – Interactive content tool
- [Without Code](https://www.wocode.com) - Code Free Website Builder
- [Wix](https://www.wix.com) - Free Website Builder

## Uncategorized

- [ApexOracle](https://apex.oracle.com/en) - Build enterprise apps 20x faster with 100x less code.

---

## Tutorials

- https://codeornocode.com/tutorial/how-to-build-a-low-code-platform/

## Learning

-

## Blog Posts

- http://hasura-forest-admin.surge.sh/
- https://zapier.com/help/create/code-webhooks/use-javascript-code-in-zaps

---

# Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

# License

I am providing code and resources in this repository to you under an open source license. Because this is my personal repository, the license you receive to my code and resources is from me and not my employer.

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Kai Richard König](https://kairichardkoenig.de) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
